feat(apple): Add AutoSessionTrackingIntegration (#3296)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/configuration/integrations/default.mdx

---
title: Default Integrations

> description: "Learn more about SentryCrashIntegration, SentryAutoBreadcrumbTrackingIntegration, and SentryAutoSessionTrackingIntegration that are enabled by default."

Reviewer: This wording seems a bit odd. Suggest the following edit: 

```suggestion
description: "Learn more about the SentryCrashIntegration, SentryAutoBreadcrumbTrackingIntegration, and SentryAutoSessionTrackingIntegration, which are enabled by default."
```
